Overview:
	Airlines routinely change their flight schedules for various reasons like seasonal demands, to
	pick new routes, time changes needed based on daylight savings, changes to flight numbers,
	operating frequency, timings, etc. Many passengers will get impacted due these schedule
	changes and they need to re-accommodate to the alternate flights. Airlines need a solution to
	analyze the impact to the passengers with their planned schedule changes and automatically
	identify the suitable alternate flights for the impacted passengers.
	
	❖ Identify impacted flights and passengers with the proposed schedule changes
	❖ Based the impact at flight and passenger level, identify the suitable alternate flight
	(Optimization)
	❖ Rank alternate flight solutions based on various factors like time to reach destination,
	impact to the purchased ancillary services, etc. (Calculation)
	❖ Rank passengers for the re-accommodation priority on various factors like passenger
	type (unaccompanied minor, on duty employee, loyalty customer levels, paid class of
	service, etc. ) (Calculation)
	❖ Flexibility to alter the business rules for flight ranking and passenger ranking and
	reproduce the solution.
	❖ Option for the airline to pick the right solution from the multiple reports.
	❖ Generate the flight and passenger re-accommodation solution files and rank each
	solution.
	❖ Ground rules to set up the expiration date and time.


Input:
	1. Business Rules + their importance (compulsory vs good to have) - (IATA Standard Data Models)
	2. Industry data models can be used for the schedules, inventory, check-in and One order (PNR, ticket)
	3. Impacted PNRs
	4. Flight Network for the current year

	
Output:
	1. Default solution - Flight level for re-accommodation where majority of the passengers will be re-accommodated.
	2. Exception list – It will give the re-accommodation at PNR level, which are not fall under the majority category.
	3. Evaluation Metrics (Time/Space Complexity, Max/Min/Average/Median Delays, Costs Incurred (for passengers/Airlines))
	4. Option of generating mail allowing passenger to choose outcome (GOOD TO HAVE/VALUE ADDITION)
	5. Proper Representation of output files with good GUI (GOOD TO HAVE/VALUE ADDITION)

Aims:
	# Identify optimal/best alternate flight solutions for all the impacted passengers (impacted due to planned schedule 
		change) based on the provided rule sets
	# Solution Ranking Methods:
		1. Delay Time (Average, Total, Weighted Average, Median)
		2. Total Cost Incurred to Airlines vs Total Cost advantage for passenger
		3. Direct Flight vs Connecting vs Complete Cancellation
	# Good to have:
		1. Parameters are easy to toggle on/off or change weights(Flexibility of business rules)
		2. Easy to add new parameters (Flexibility of business rules)
		3. Auto Generate Mails for multiple options
		4. Explanation of why current chosen solution is good over others
		5. A solution that learns from previous answers so that calculation speed can be continuously reduced
		6. Easy visualization of current progress and final output file. (graphs and other methods used)
		7. Business Proposal for the model and its scalabilty
		8. Is it possible to grow the model to live time updates (instead of scheduled updates)
		9. Can multiple airport flight cancellations be handled by this one model to avoid clashes

Assumptions:
	1. We will not allow more than k connecting flights (k < 4)
	2. Min Delay between flights is x min (in case of connecting flights)
	3. Min time of a flight is y with error of +-z minutes
	4. We will not allow the passenger to travel more than x km away from the target location (eg for Delhi -> Mumbai,
		Delhi -> London -> Mumbai is rejected for going too far away)
	5. We will not allow more than $z cost to be incurred on a passenger
	6. Delay of more than A hrs is not allowed
	
To Do:
	1. How should the database be structured ?
	2. Define what parameters we will use
	3. Reduce Amount of Flights by use of business rules or other parameters
	4. Path Finding Approach
	5. Defining an Optimization Function
	6. Model Testing and Outliers Analysis
	7. Data Vizualization
	8. ..................
